# Signal-Integrity-SI--Analysis
Signal Integrity (SI) -Analysis SI:  Signal integrity primarily involved in electric performance of the wires &amp; alternative packaging structures accustomed move signals regarding among an electronic product. Such performance may be a matter of basic physics and intrinsically has remained comparatively unchanged since the beginning of electronic signal.  On computer circuit boards, signal integrity became a significant concern once the transition (rise and fall) times of signals began to become such as the propagation time across the board. Terribly roughly speaking, this generally happens once system speeds exceed a number of tens of megacycle.   At first, solely a number of  the foremost necessary, or highest speed, signals required careful analysis or style. As speeds magnified, a bigger and bigger fraction of signals required SI analysis and style practices. In fashionable (> one hundred MHz) circuit styles, primarily all signals should be designed with SI in mind.  On-chip signal integrity:  Signal integrity issues in fashionable integrated circuits (ICs) will have several forceful consequences for digital designs:  Products will fail to work in the slightest degree, or worse nevertheless, become unreliable within the field.  The design may match, however solely at speeds slower than planned  Yield is also down, typically drastically  On-die termination:  On-die termination or ODT is that the technology wherever the termination resistance for electric resistance matching in transmission lines is found at intervals a semiconductor chip, rather than a separate, separate device mounted on a card.  Chip-to-chip signal integrity:  For wired connections, it's necessary to match the interconnect flight time to the bit amount to choose whether or not Associate in Nursing electric resistance matched or unmatched affiliation is required.  The channel flight time (delay) of the interconnect is roughly one ns per fifteen cm (6 in) of FR-4 stripline (the propagation speed depends on the stuff and therefore the geometry). Reflections of previous pulses at electric resistance mismatches die down once a couple of bounces up and down the road (i.e. on the order of the flight time).   There area unit several card varieties aside from FR-4, however typically they're a lot of expensive to manufacture.  The mild trend to higher bit rates accelerated dramatically in 2004, with the introduction by Intel of the PCI-Express normal.  Such serial links eliminate parallel bus clock skew and scale back the quantity of traces and resultant coupling effects however these benefits come back at the value of an oversized increase in bit rate on the lanes, and shorter bit periods.
